## `APPAC2D: Potential flow-based solver for airfoils with jet flow in MATLAB`

`APPAC2D` (**A**ero**P**ropulsive **PA**nel **C**ode in Two Dimensions) is a `MATLAB` / `OCTAVE`-based panel method that solves the linear small-disturbance Prandtl-Glauert equation for subsonic flow for single or multielement airfoil systems with or without an interacting jet flow.

On-body values and integrated quantities are readily available by calling `panel2d()` (see `help panel2d`) with `influence.m` and `wakeSolver.m` on the search path. All other contents are not necessary to the function of the analysis code, but provide easy access to sophisticated flow visualization tools. In particular, velocity fields are created on unstructured triangular grids generated by algorithms in `MESH2D` that are "provably-good" while streamlines are drawn directly from these unstructured data (no data loss from grid conversion).

### `References`
`[1]` - H. Jois and P. J. Ansell, <a href="https://doi.org/10.2514/6.2023-1754">Analytical Framework for Design of Aero-Propulsive Geometries with Powered Wakes</a>, AIAA 2023-1754. *AIAA SCITECH 2023 Forum*. January 2023.

`[2]` - C. A. Shollenberger, <a href="https://doi.org/10.2514/3.60225">Analysis of the Interaction of Jets and Airfoils in Two Dimensions</a>, *Journal of Aircraft*, Vol. 10, No. 5, 1973, pp. 267–273.

`[3]` - C. A. Shollenberger, <a href="https://doi.org/10.7907/GZNT-1X61">An Investigation of a Two-Dimensional Propulsive Lifting System</a>, Ph.D. Thesis, California Institute of Technology, 1971.
